Added ODC Web Console Bug Fixes (#29474)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-7-release-notes.adoc

* The console used a prior version of the `KafkaSource` object that used the `resources` and `service account` fields in their specification. The latest v1beta1 version of the `KafkaSource` object removed these fields, due to which the user was unable to create the `KafkaSource` object with the v1beta1 version. This issue has been fixed now and the user is able to create the `KafkaSource` object with the v1beta1 version. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1892653[*BZ#1892653*])

* Previously, when you created an application using source code from Git repositories with the `.git` suffix, and then clicked the edit source code link, a "page not found" error was displayed. This fix removes the `.git` suffix from the repository URL and transforms the SSH URL to an HTTPS URL. The generated link now leads to the correct repository page. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1896296[*BZ#1896296*])

> * Previously, the underlying `SinkBinding` resources were shown in the *Topology* view, along with the actual source created in the case of `Container`  and `KameletBinding` resources, confusing users. This issue was fixed. Now, only the actual resource created for the event source is displayed in the *Topology* view, and the underlying `SinkBinding` resources, if created, are displayed in the sidebar. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1906685[*BZ#1906685*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the underlying `SinkBinding` resources were shown in the *Topology* view, along with the actual source created in the case of `Container Source`  and `KameletBinding` resources, confusing users. This issue was fixed. Now, only the actual resource created for the event source is displayed in the *Topology* view, and the underlying `SinkBinding` resources, if created, are displayed in the sidebar. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1906685[*BZ#1906685*])
```

Author: Done!

* Previously, when you installed the Serverless Operator, without creating the eventing custom resource, a channel card was displayed. When you clicked the card, a confusing alert message was displayed. This issue has now been fixed. The channel card, with a proper alert message, is now displayed only if the channel custom resource definition is present. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1909092[*BZ#1909092*])

* Previously, when you closed the web terminal connection, all the terminal output from that session, which can be useful to you, disappeared. This issue has been fixed. The terminal output is now retained even after the session is closed. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1909067[*BZ#1909067*])

> * Technology preview badges were displayed on the *Eventing* user interface although it had its GA release. The Technology preview badges are now removed. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1894810[*BZ#1894810*])

Reviewer: this is live with 4.6.9 as we [backported](https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1899382) it, shall we have it here as well?

Reviewer 2: @invincibleJai  so does something like this make sense?: 
* Technology preview badges were displayed on the *Eventing* user interface although it had its GA release with {product-title} 4.6. The Technology preview badges are now removed and the changes were back-ported to the {product-title} 4.6.9 version.

Author: Done!

> * Previously, volume mounts for deployments were not preserved if the deployment was edited using the console edit flows. The modified deployment YAML overwrote or removed the volume mounts in the pod template specification. This issue has been fixed. The *volume mounts* are now preserved even when the deployment is edited using the console edit flows. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1867965[*BZ#1867965*])

Reviewer 3: How come just the one final instance of "volume mounts" is marked up with asterisks?

Author: I have removed the markup now. Done!

> * If triggers used a Knative service and the In Memory Channel as subscriber, the Knative services and resources were not displayed on the *Topology* view. This issue has been fixed now, so that the Knative data model returns proper data, and the Knative resources are displayed on the *Topology* view. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1906683[*BZ#1906683*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In case of multiple triggers one subscribing to Knative service and another to In Memory Channel as subscriber, the Knative resources were not displayed on the *Topology* view. This issue has been fixed now, so that the Knative data model returns proper data, and the Knative resources are displayed on the *Topology* view. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1906683[*BZ#1906683*])
```

Author: Done!

* When an invalid Tuned profile is created, the `openshift-tuned` supervisor process may ignore future profile updates and fail to apply the updated profile. This bug fix keeps state information about Tuned profile application success or failure. Now `openshift-tuned` recovers from profile application failures on receiving new valid profiles. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1919970[*BZ#1919970*])

*Web console (Developer perspective)*

> * Previously, the user was denied access to pull images from other projects, due to insufficient user permissions. 

Author: Done!

This bug fix removes all the user interface checks for rolebindings and shows the `oc` command alert to help users 

> to run via command line. With this bug fix, the user is no longer blocked from creating images from different namespaces 

Author: Done!

and is now able to deploy images from their other projects. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1894020[*BZ#1894020*])

* The console used a prior version of KafkaSource that used the `resources` and `service account` fields in their specification. The latest *v1beta1* version of KafkaSource removed these fields, due to which the user was unable to create KafkaSource with the *v1beta1* version. This issue has been fixed now and the user is able to create KafkaSource with the v1beta1 version. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1892653[*BZ#1892653*])

> * Previously, when you created an application using source code from git repositories with the `.git` suffix, and then clicked the edit source code link, a page not found error was displayed. This fix removes the `.git` suffix from the repository URL and transforms the SSH URL to an HTTPS URL. The generated link now leads to the correct repository page. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1896296[*BZ#1896296*])

Author: Done!

> * Previously, when you created an application using source code from git repositories with the `.git` suffix, and then clicked the edit source code link, a page not found error was displayed. This fix removes the `.git` suffix from the repository URL and transforms the SSH URL to an HTTPS URL. The generated link now leads to the correct repository page. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1896296[*BZ#1896296*])

Author: I'm not so sure about the init-cap "Git" thing, so I will discuss with the team and make the necessary updates

* Previously, the underlying *SinkBinding* resources were shown in the *Topology* view, along with the actual source created in the case of `Container`  and `KameletBinding` resources, confusing users. This issue was fixed. Now, only the actual resource created for the event source is displayed in the *Topology* view and the underlying *SinkBinding* resources, if created, are displayed in the sidebar. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1906685[*BZ#1906685*])

* Previously, when you installed the serverless operator, without creating the eventing custom resource, a channel card was displayed. When you clicked the card a confusing alert message was displayed. This issue has now been fixed, the channel card, with a proper alert message, is now displayed only if the channel custom resource definition is present. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1909092[*BZ#1909092*])

> * Previously, when you closed the web terminal connection, all the terminal output from that session, which can be useful to you, disappeared. This issue has been fixed, the terminal output is now retained even after the session is closed. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1909067[*BZ#1909067*])

Author: Done!

> * Technology preview badges were displayed on the Eventing user interface although it had its GA release. The Technology preview badges are now removed. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1894810[*BZ#1894810*])

Author: Done!

> * Previously, volume mounts for deployments were not preserved if the deployment was edited using the console edit flows. The modified Deployment YAML overwrote or removed the volume mounts in the pod template specification. This issue has been fixed, the *volume mounts* are now preserved even when the deployment is edited using the console edit flows. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1867965[*BZ#1867965*])

Reviewer 3: s/Deployment/deployment/

Reviewer 3: s/fixed, the/fixed. The/

Author: Done!

> * If triggers used Knative service and In Memory Channel as subscriber, the Knative services and resources were not displayed on the *Topology* view. This issue has been fixed now, so that the Knative data model returns proper data, and the Knative resources are displayed on the *Topology* view. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1906683[*BZ#1906683*])

Reviewer 3: Should this be: "If triggers used a Knative service and the In Memory Channel as subscriber"?

Author: Done!

> * Previously, in a disconnected environment, the Helm charts were not displayed in the Developer Catalog due to an invalid configuration while fetching code. This issue has been fixed  by ensuring that proxy environment variables are considered and the helm charts are now displayed on the Developer Catalog. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1918748[*BZ#1918748*])

Reviewer 3: Extra space in "fixed  by"

Author: Done!

> * While running a Pipeline, the log tab of the `TaskRun` resource displayed the string as `undefined` after the command in the output because This was caused due to some edge cases where some internal string operations printed  `undefined` to the log output. This issue has been fixed now, and the pipeline log output does not drop empty lines from the log stream and does not print the string `undefined` any longer. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1915898[*BZ#1915898*])

Reviewer 3: s/output because This/output. This/

Author: Done!

> * Previously, the port drop-down list in the *Add* flow only provided options for exposed ports and did not allow you to specify a custom port. The drop-down list has now been replaced by a typeahead select menu, and now it is possible to specify a custom port while creating the application. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1881881[*BZ#1881881*])

Reviewer 3: s/drop-down list/list/
x2

Should "port" be marked up as a GUI element?

Author: Done!

Author: I'm not so sure about the port as a GUI element thing, so I will discuss with the team and make the necessary updates

> * Previously, when conditional tasks failed, the completed pipeline runs showed a permanent pending task for each failed conditional task. This issue has been fixed by greying out the failed conditional tasks and by adding skipped icons to them. This gives a better picture of the state of the pipeline run. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1880389[*BZ#1880389*])

Reviewer 3: s/greying out/disabling/

Author: Done!

* Previously, the pod scale up or down buttons were available for a single pod resource, and the page crashed when the user pressed the scale button. This issue has been fixed by not showing the scale up or down buttons for a single pod resource. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1909678[*BZ#1909678*])

> * Previously, the chart URL for downloading the chart to instantiate a helm release was unreachable. This happened because the `index.yaml` file from the remote repository, referenced in the Helm chart repository, was fetched and used as-is. Some of these index files contained relative chart URLs. This issue has now been fixed by translating relative chart URLs to absolute URLs making the chart URL reachable. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1912907[*BZ#1912907*])

Reviewer 3: s/as-is/as is/

Reviewer 3: s/URLs making/URLs, which makes/

Author: Done!
